So on to the next exercise.
So this one we're gonna
be making a skip link.
So basically what we're doing
here is we want to make it so
that as a user starts tabbing they
don't have to like right now.
If I to start tabbing I got
the answers branch out.
If I start tabbing, I'll have to go
through this entire navigation before I
can get to the main content down here.
And so we wanna do is we wanna add
something like I have done here.
Where when you hit tab the first
time a button appears and
lets you skip to main content.
So if I hit Enter on that it
immediately focuses me down here.
And let's not worry too much about
the visual styling or anything like that.
But we'll take 10 minutes and
we'll work on it.
I do have at a high level,
I have the idea for a skip link.
Let me find my notes here, done out here.
And so basically just following this, but
in some HTML, so making the anchor and
doing things like that.
And then we'll come back and
I'll do it all together for us.